I understand how you feel. It's crazy to me how people come into our lives and flip everything upside down. They turn your whole world around. They forcefully move into your life, without any sort of warning. They live in your heart, soul and mind rent free. They show you the light in the darkness. They show you the colour in the black and white world. They make you feel love and things you've never felt before in your entire life. They become the rainbow after a storm. They become the calm in your life after a storm. They're the sun, shining it's warm and powerful beams of light, reaching even the darkest corners. You become familiar with them. They heal you from any hurt you've felt before and become your happy place. You're happy. You're in love. Nothing can hurt you, because you're protected. It's the love you never received from a mother or a father, from a friend, from anyone else. They make sure you keep climbing and are there to make sure you don't fall. They put you so on top of the world. Nothing can hurt you anymore. Then suddenly, the arms that gave you so much warmth are nothing but cold. There's no one at the bottom to make sure you don't fall. In an instant, your life is no longer full of new colours, but is shades of grey and white. There's nothing but rain and storms and crying and hurting. You hurt so much. You scream and cry for them to hear you, but no sound is coming out anymore. As cliche as it sounds, they leave a hole in your heart bigger than the last. They bring you lower than you've ever been before. You miss it. So much. It hurts and you can't do anything but cry. People say it will get better with time, but they don't know how slow the time will pass in the hell that's been created for you. You have no choice but to dream of when life was heavenly. This feeling is the same as a nightmare. You're begging for someone to wake you up. Whoever is reading this, cry. Cry your heart and soul out. You don't have to forgive who hurt you. It's not about being the bigger person. I'm sorry you're hurting so much. I want you to know that you can hurt as long as you want. In order to heal, you must hurt first. I hope someday you'll find someone to love you unconditionally. A love from a Nicholas Sparks novel. And I can only hope the same for myself. Soon the drip of the rain will finally come to and end, and the colour will return. The hole will be all patched up and you'll be out of tears to cry. The world will start moving again. It'll all end up just fine, I promise.